+++
title = "The analysis of image contrast: From quality assessment to automatic enhancement"

# Date first published.
date = "2016-01-09"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann","Jun Zhou","Guangtao Zhai","Alan Conrad Bovik","Leida Li","Hong Lu","Xiaokang Yang"]`.
authors = ["Ke Gu","Guangtao Zhai","Weisi Lin","Min Lin"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Cybernetics*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE Transactions on Cybernetics*,  <font color=#FF0000><u>**ESI Highly Cited Paper & Top 8 Cited Paper of T-CYB in 2016**</u></font>"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Proper contrast change can improve the perceptual quality of most images, but it has largely been overlooked in the current research of image quality assessment (IQA). To fill this void, we in this paper first report a new large dedicated contrast-changed image database (CCID2014), which includes 655 images and associated subjective ratings recorded from 22 inexperienced observers. We then present a novel reduced-reference image quality metric for contrast change (RIQMC) using phase congruency and statistics information of the image histogram. Validation of the proposed model is conducted on contrast related CCID2014, TID2008, CSIQ and TID2013 databases, and results justify the superiority and efficiency of RIQMC over a majority of classical and state-of-the-art IQA methods. Furthermore, we combine aforesaid subjective and objective assessments to derive the RIQMC based Optimal HIstogram Mapping (ROHIM) for automatic contrast enhancement, which is shown to outperform recently developed enhancement technologies."
abstract_short = "ESI Highly Cited Paper & Top 8 Cited Paper of T-CYB in 2016"

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/10.pdf"

url_code = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/CODE/10.rar"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
