+++
title = "Cloud based image contrast enhancement"

# Date first published.
date = "2015-07-13"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Shiqi Wang", "**Ke Gu**", "Siwei Ma", "Weisi Lin", "Xiang Zhang", "Wen Gao"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Multimedia Big Data*."
publication_short = "In *BigMM*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We propose a cloud based image contrast enhancement framework, in which the context-sensitive and context-free contrast is improved via solving a multi-criteria optimization problem. Specifically, the context-sensitive contrast enhancement is based on the unsharp masking of the input and edge-preserving filtered images, while the context-free contrast enhancement is achieved by the sigmoid transfer mapping. The parameters in the optimization process are determined with the reference to the image that has a similar content and better enhancement quality in the cloud. The image complexity from the free energy based brain theory and the "surface" quality statistics is collaboratively optimized to infer the parameters. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed technique can efficiently create visually-pleasing enhanced images with the guidance image from cloud."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7153869/"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
