+++
title = "Exploiting global and local information for image quality assessment with contrast change"

# Date first published.
date = "2015-08-06"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Haining Gu", "Guangtao Zhai", "Min Liu", "**Ke Gu**"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Symposium on Broadband Multimedia Systems and Broadcasting*."
publication_short = "In *BMSB*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Image quality assessment (IQA) has undergone a booming period during the last decade. Contrast change, being an important type of visual alteration for images, has not been seriously treated yet in the current IQA research. To address this problem, in this paper we propose a new reduced-reference (RR) IQA metric for contrast-changed images by exploiting local similarity information and global statistics information (LAGSI). In order to verify the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm, we test LAGSI with a large number of competitors on the recently introduced CID2013 database as well as contrast change related subsets from TID2008 and CSIQ databases. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our approach over classical and state-of-the-art IQA metrics."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/103.pdf"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
