+++
title = "Sparse structural similarity for objective image quality assessment"

# Date first published.
date = "2016-01-14"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Xiang Zhang", "Shiqi Wang", "**Ke Gu**", "Tingting Jiang", "Siwei Ma", "Wen Gao"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics(SMC)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics(SMC)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper, a novel full-reference (FR) image quality assessment (IQA) metric based on sparse representation is proposed. Sparse representation has been widely applied in many applications such as image denoising and restoration. It is a high-efficiency way in representing sparse and redundant natural images. Also it has been shown to be highly related to the human visual perception, which is characterized by a set of responses of neurons in visual cortex. In this paper, the sparse representation is applied in decomposing natural images into multiple layers depending on the visual importance. Inspired by these observations, a novel IQA metric called sparse structural similarity is proposed by measuring the fidelity of the stimulation of visual cortices. Experimental results on public databases indicate that the proposed method is effective in predicting subjective evaluation and as compared to state-of-the-art FR-IQA methods."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/104.pdf"

url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
