+++
title = "Visual attention data for image quality assessment databases"

# Date first published.
date = "2014-07-28"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Xiongkuo Min", "Guangtao Zhai", "Zhongpai Gao", "**Ke Gu**"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *International Symposium on Circuits and Systems(ISCAS)*."
publication_short = "In *International Symposium on Circuits and Systems(ISCAS)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Images usually contain areas that particularly attract people's attention and visual attention is an important feature of human visual system (HVS). Visual attention had been shown to be effective in improving performance of existing image quality assessment (IQA) metrics. However, with the quick advancement of IQA research, the booming of open IQA databases calls for associated comprehensive and accurate visual attention dataset. Despite of the large number of existing computational attention/saliency models, the most accurate measure of human attention is still human based. In this research, we first conduct extensive eye tracking experiments for all the pristine images from the seven widely used IQA databases (LIVE, TID2008, CSIQ, Toyama, LIVE Multiply Distortion, IVC and A57 databases). Then we propose a gaze-duration adaptive weighting approach to generate saliency maps from the eye tracking data. When applied on the IQA databases, experimental results suggest that accuracy of benchmark quality metrics, e.g. PSNR and SSIM can be systematically improved, outperforming existing saliency datasets. Both the eye tracking data and the saliency maps in this research will be made publicly available at gvsp.sjtu.edu.cn."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/107.pdf"

url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
