+++
title = "Effective preprocessing stage in the fourier transform domain for image quality assessment"

# Date first published.
date = "2014-12-15"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Min Liu", "Guangtao Zhai", "**Ke Gu**", "Xiaokang Yang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Workshop on Quality of Multimedia Experience*."
publication_short = "In *QoMEX*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Image quality assessment (IQA) is currently an important research topic. In fact, the varying viewing distance between audiences and the display seriously affect the IQA accuracy, which has been largely overlooked. To this end, in this paper we take into account the image size and viewing distance as well as the preferential activation of V1 cells by vertical and horizontal contours, and thereby propose an adaptive frequency selection (AFS) model to preprocess input visual signals before IQA metrics are used. Our algorithm works by first applying Fourier Transform (FT) to the reference and distorted images to approximate the low-pass behavior of the human visual system, then extracting proper amount of low frequency components and partial high frequency components corresponding to vertical and horizontal directions, and finally reconstructing spatial images with the inverse FT. We validate the performance of AFS based PSNR and SSIM on the related LIVE, Toyama and IVC databases with clearly specified viewing conditions. Experimental results and comparative studies show the effectiveness of the proposed model."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/108.pdf"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
