+++
title = "“Using structural degradation and parallax for reduced-reference quality assessment of 3D images"

# Date first published.
date = "2014-08-11"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Qi Xu", "Guangtao Zhai", "Min Liu", "**Ke Gu**"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Symposium on Broadband Multimedia Systems and Broadcasting*."
publication_short = "In *BMSB*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Owing to the thriving market of stereoscopic image based applications, efficient and effective 3D image quality assessment (IQA) techniques become colossally required these days. Consequently, we introduce a new reduced-reference (RR) stereoscopic image quality metric to meet this demand, through measuring Structural degradation and Saliency based Parallax compensation Model (SSPM). Experimental results on the LIVE 3D Image Quality Database, including both symmetrically and asymmetrically distorted stereoscopic images in different categories and quality levels, are provided to justify the effectiveness of the proposed SSPM model as compared to some existing progressive and popular stereoscopic IQA approaches. Meanwhile, it deserves broad attentions that only four number pairs, extracted from original image, are required as the key feature to be sent to the receiver terminal, thus making this procedure also efficient."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/109.pdf"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
