+++
title = "Analysis of distortion distribution for pooling in image quality prediction"

# Date first published.
date = "2016-06-22"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann","Jun Zhou","Guangtao Zhai","Alan Conrad Bovik","Leida Li","Hong Lu","Xiaokang Yang"]`.
authors = ["Ke Gu","Shiqi Wang","Guangtao Zhai","Weisi Lin","Xiaokang Yang","Wenjun Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Broadcasting*."
publication_short = "In *T-BC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Image quality assessment (IQA) has been an active research area during last decades. Many existing objective IQA models share a similar two-step structure with measuring local distortion before pooling. Compared with the rapid development for local distortion measurement, seldom effort has been made dedicated to effective pooling schemes. In this paper, we design a new pooling model via the analysis of distortion distribution affected by image content and distortion. That is, distributions of distortion position, distortion intensity, frequency changes, and histogram changes are comprehensively considered to infer an overall quality score. Experimental results conducted on four large-scale image quality databases (LIVE, TID2008, CSIQ, and CCID2014) concluded with three valuable findings. First, the proposed technique leads to consistent improvement in the IQA performance for studied local distortion measures. Second, relative to the traditional pooling, the performance gain of our algorithm is beyond 15% on average. Third, the best overall performance made by the proposed strategy outperforms state-of-the-art competitors."
#abstract_short = "ESI Highly Cited Paper & Top 8 Cited Paper of T-CYB in 2016"

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7390011&tag=1"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
