+++
title = "A new image quality metric based on MIx-Scale transform"

# Date first published.
date = "2013-12-02"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Min Liu", "Guangtao Zhai", "**Ke Gu**", "Qi Xu", "Xiaokang Yang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Workshop on Signal Processing Systems*."
publication_short = "In *SiPS*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In the study of image quality assessment (IQA), multi-scale methods are often used because they can supply more flexibility than single-scale ones by incorporating the variations of viewing conditions. However, some recent work demonstrated that single-scale methods based on scale transformation also performed well in terms of the correlation between the quality predictions and the subjective scores. Both of the single-scale based IQA metrics conform to a two-step model: image transform using proper scale coefficient and the SSIM metric, but the influence of different components in SSIM (luminance, contrast and structural similarity) on the chosen scale coefficient is not taken into account. In our re-search, it was found that the scale transform coefficients for different components should be different. This paper accordingly proposes a new MIx-Scale (MIS) based IQA algorithm. Experimental results on six publicly available databases (LIVE, TID2008, CSIQ, Toyama, IVC and LIVE Multiply Distortion) confirm that the proposed IQA metric can often enhance predictive accuracy for image quality assessment comparing to traditional scale-based methods."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/6674517/"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
