+++
title = "Blind quality assessment of camera images based on low-level and high-level statistical features"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-06-25"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Yutao Liu","Ke Gu (Corresponding Author)", "Shiqi Wang", "Debin Zhao", "Wen Gao"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Multimedia (T-MM)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE Transactions on Multimedia (T-MM)*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Camera images in reality are easily affected by various distortions, such as blur, noise, blockiness, etc., which damage the quality of the images. The complexity of the distortions in camera images raises great challenge for precisely predicting their perceptual quality. In this paper, we present an image quality assessment (IQA) approach which aims to solve this challenging problem to some extent. In the proposed method, we firstly extract the low-level and high-level statistical features which can capture the quality degradations effectively. On one hand, the first kind of statistical features are extracted from the locally mean subtracted and contrast normalized (MSCN) coefficients, which denote the low-level features in the early human vision. On the other hand, recently proposed brain theory and neuroscience, especially the free-energy principle reveals that the human brain tries to explain its encountered visual scenes through an inner creative model, with which the brain can produce the projection for the image. Then the quality of perceptions can be reflected by the divergence between the image and its brain projection. Based on this, we extract the second type of features from the brain perception mechanism which represent the high-level features. The low-level and high-level statistical features can play a complementary role in quality prediction. After feature extraction, we design a neural network to integrate all the features and convert them to the final quality score. Extensive tests performed on two real camera image datasets prove the validity of our method and its advantageous predicting ability over the competitive IQA models."
#abstract_short = "Saliency detection, free energy, semi-parametric model, linear autoregressive (AR) model, bi-later filtering."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8395022"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"




# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
