+++
title = "Analysis of structural characteristics for quality assessment of multiply distorted images"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-02-23"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Guanghui Yue", "Chunping Hou", "**Ke Gu (Corresponding Author)**", "Nam Ling"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Multimedia (T-MM)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE Transactions on Multimedia (T-MM)*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Perceptual image quality assessment (IQA) plays an important role in numerous applications, including image restoration, compression, enhancement, and others. Although many works have been conducted on individually distorted IQA problems and have achieved encouraging results, few studies have been conducted on multiple distorted (MD) IQA problems. Thus, limited progress has been made. In this paper, we propose a novel no reference image quality assessment (NR-IQA) method, named improved multiscale local binary pattern (IMLBP), for addressing multiply distorted IQA problems. The image structures are sensitive to image distortions, which motivates us to utilize the structural characteristics for overall image quality prediction. We improved the local binary pattern (LBP) by considering the human visual mechanism to better extract the structural information. The IMLBP contains two parts, the LBP and the radius difference LBP (DLBP). The DLBP reflects the values' changes in the radial direction. Specifically, when the radius value is small, the proposed descriptor is computed to represent microstructural information. Conversely, it represents macrostructural information when the radius becomes large. Moreover, to better mimick the human visual mechanism, the IMLBP is computed with the multiscale strategy and the operation is based on a patch unit whose size is proportional to the radius value. The frequency histogram of feature maps is transformed to feature vectors. Subsequently, a predictable function trained by the support vector regression is used to infer the overall quality score. Experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms most state-of-the-art IQA metrics on publicly available multiply distorted image databases."
#abstract_short = "Saliency detection, free energy, semi-parametric model, linear autoregressive (AR) model, bi-later filtering."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8301594"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"




# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
