+++
title = "Blind quality index for multiply distorted images using bi-order structure degradation and nonlocal statistics"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-04-26"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Yu Zhou", "Leida Li", "**Ke Gu**", "Weisheng Dong", "Guangming Shi"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Multimedia (T-MM)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE Transactions on Multimedia (T-MM)*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In the past decade, extensive image quality metrics have been proposed. The majority of them are tailored for the images that contain a specific type of distortion. However, in practice, images are usually degraded by different types of distortions simultaneously. This poses great challenges to the existing quality metrics. Motivated by this, this paper proposes a no-reference quality index for multiply distorted images using Bi-Order Structure degradation and nonlocal Statistics (BOSS). The design philosophy is inspired by the fact that the human visual system (HVS) is highly sensitive to the degradations of both spatial contrast and spatial distribution, which are prone to be changed by the joint effects of multiple distortions. Specifically, the multi-resolution representation of the image is first built by down-sampling to simulate the hierarchical property of the HVS. Then, the structure degradation is calculated to measure the spatial contrast. Considering the fact that the human visual cortex has the separate mechanisms to perceive the first- and second-order structures, dubbed bi-order structures, the degradations of bi-order structures are calculated to account for the spatial contrast, producing the first group of quality-aware features. Furthermore, the nonlocal self-similarity statistics is calculated to measure the spatial distribution, producing the second group of features. Finally, all features are fed into the random forest regression model to learn the quality model for multiply distorted images. Extensive experimental results conducted on three public databases demonstrate the superiority of the proposed metric to the state-of-the-art metrics. Moreover, the proposed metric is also advantageous over the existing metrics in terms of the generalization ability."
#abstract_short = "Saliency detection, free energy, semi-parametric model, linear autoregressive (AR) model, bi-later filtering."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8350027"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"




# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
