+++
title = "Partial-reference sonar image quality assessment for underwater transmission"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-04-23"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Weiling Chen", "**Ke Gu**", " Xiongkuo Min", "Fei Yuan", "En Cheng", "Wenjun Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Aerospace and Electronic Systems (T-AES)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE Transactions on Aerospace and Electronic Systems (T-AES)*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The rapid growth of ocean exploration has led to an increase in the demand of sonar images, since they contain a great amount of information collected by sonar systems such as distributions of underwater creatures and minerals. For further analysis, sonar images usually need to be transmitted via underwater acoustic channel (UAC). However, the hostile nature of UAC makes the transmitted sonar images have high probability to be afflicted with distortions introduced in transmission procedures. To monitor image quality, a partial-reference sonar image quality predictor (PSIQP) is proposed in this paper. A unique property that differentiates the proposed PSIQP metric from existing works is the consideration of the viewing behaviour of the human visual system (HVS) for sonar images, which otivates us to take both image perception and understanding into consideration. The results of experiments based on sonar image quality database (SIQD) show that the proposed metric provides accurate predictions across a variety of compression and transmission distortions."
#abstract_short = "Saliency detection, free energy, semi-parametric model, linear autoregressive (AR) model, bi-later filtering."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8344745"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"




# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
