+++
title = "Blind image quality estimation via distortion aggravation"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-03-27"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Xiongkuo Min", "Guangtao Zhai", "**Ke Gu**", "Yutao Liu", "Xiaokang Yang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Broadcasting (T-BC)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE Transactions on Broadcasting (T-BC)*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Traditional blind image quality assessment (IQA) measures generally predict quality from a sole distorted image directly. In this paper, we first introduce multiple pseudo reference images (MPRIs) by further degrading the distorted image in several ways and to certain degrees, and then compare the similarities between the distorted image and the MPRIs. Via such distortion aggravation, we can have some references to compare with, i.e., the MPRIs, and utilize the full-reference IQA framework to compute the quality. Specifically, we apply four types and five levels of distortion aggravation to deal with the commonly encountered distortions. Local binary pattern features are extracted to describe the similarities between the distorted image and the MPRIs. The similarity scores are then utilized to estimate the overall quality. More similar to a specific pseudo reference image (PRI) indicates closer quality to this PRI. Owning to the availability of the created multiple PRIs, we can reduce the influence of image content, and infer the image quality more accurately and consistently. Validation is conducted on four mainstream natural scene image and screen content image quality assessment databases, and the proposed method is comparable to or outperforms the state-of-the-art blind IQA measures. The MATLAB source code of the proposed measure will be publicly available."
#abstract_short = "Saliency detection, free energy, semi-parametric model, linear autoregressive (AR) model, bi-later filtering."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8326697"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"




# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
