+++
title = "Adaptive levenberg-marquardt algorithm based echo state network for chaotic time series prediction"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-03-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Qiao Junfei", "Lei Wang", "Cuili Yang", "**Ke Gu**"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Neurocomputing*."
publication_short = "In *Neurocomputing*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Echo state networks (ESNs) have wide applications in chaotic time series prediction. In the ESN, if the smallest singular value of the reservoir state matrix is infinitesimal, the ill-posed problem might occur during the training process. To overcome this problem, an adaptive Levenberg-Marquardt (LM) algorithm-based echo state network (ALM-ESN) is developed. In the developed ALM-ESN, a new adaptive damping term is introduced into the LM algorithm. The adaptive factor is amended by the trust region technique, furthermore, convergence analysis, and stability analysis are performed. Moreover, to make the inputs fall within the active region of the activation function and improve the learning speed, a weight initialization method using linear algebra is deployed to determine the appropriate input weights and reservoir weights. Simulations demonstrate that the ALM-ESN can overcome the ill-posed problem. Furthermore, it exhibits better performance and robustness for chaotic time series prediction than some other existing methods."
#abstract_short = "Saliency detection, free energy, semi-parametric model, linear autoregressive (AR) model, bi-later filtering."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8305450"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"




# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
