+++
title = "Dioxin soft measuring method in municipal solid waste incineration based on virtual sample generation"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-10-20"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jian Tang", "Junfei Qiao", "**Ke Gu**", "Aijun Yan"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Chinese Automation Congress (CAC)*."
publication_short = "Chinese Automation Congress (CAC)*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Municipal solid waste incineration (MSWI) becomes the most popular technique to enhance environment protection. This process produces one of the most toxic chemicals in the world, i.e., polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs). The dioxin (DXN) production should be restricted rigidly by using operation optimization and control of MSWI process based on present industrial devices. However, it is difficult to realize the on-line real-time continuous measuring of DXN duo to the complexity formation mechanism and high-cost long-time off-line detection approach. In this paper, a soft measuring method based on virtual sample generation (VSG) is used to address this problem at the first time. A few numbers of true training samples are used to produce virtual training samples based on feasibility-based programming (FBP) model using selective ensemble kernel partial least squares (SENKPLS) and prior knowledge. Simulation result based on dataset in reference [31] for a HL MSWI process shows effectiveness of the proposed method."
#abstract_short = "Saliency detection, free energy, semi-parametric model, linear autoregressive (AR) model, bi-later filtering."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8244101"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"




# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
