+++
title = "Adaptive high-frequency clipping for improved image quality assessment"

# Date first published.
date = "2013-11-17"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Ke Gu**","Guangtao Zhai", "Min Liu", "Qi Xu", "Xiaokang Yang", "Wenjun Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Visual Communication and Image Processing (VCIP)*."
publication_short = "*IEEE International Conference on Visual Communication and Image Processing (VCIP)*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "It is widely known that the human visual system (HVS) applies multi-resolution analysis to the scenes we see. In fact, many of the best image quality metrics, e.g. MS-SSIM and IW-PSNR/SSIM are based on multi-scale models. However, in existing multi-scale type of image quality assessment (IQA) methods, the resolution levels are fixed. In this paper, we examine the problem of selecting optimal levels in the multi-resolution analysis to preprocess the image for perceptual quality assessment. According to the contrast sensitivity function (CSF) of the HVS, the sampling of visual information by the human eyes approximates a low-pass process. For images, the amount of information we can extract depends on the size of the image (or the object(s) inside) as well as the viewing distance. Therefore, we proposed a wavelet transform based adaptive high-frequency clipping (AHC) model to approximate the effective visual information that enters the HVS. After the high-frequency clipping, rather than processing separately on each level, we transform the filtered images back to their original resolutions for quality assessment. Extensive experimental results show that on various databases (LIVE, IVC, and Toyama-MICT), performance of existing image quality algorithms (PSNR and SSIM) can be substantially improved by applying the metrics to those AHC model processed images."
#abstract_short = "Saliency detection, free energy, semi-parametric model, linear autoregressive (AR) model, bi-later filtering."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/6706347"
url_code = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/CODE/(135)Adaptive%20high-frequency%20clipping%20for%20improved%20image%20quality%20assessment.rar"
url_dataset = "#"




# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
