+++
title = "Portable information security display system via spatial psychovisual modulation"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-12-10"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Xiang Li", "Guangtao Zhai", "Jia Wang","**Ke Gu**"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Visual Communication and Image Processing (VCIP)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE International Conference on Visual Communication and Image Processing (VCIP)*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "With the rapid development of visual media, people prefer to pay more attention to privacy protection in public situations. Currently, most existing researches on information security such as cryptography and steganography mainly concern transmission and yet little has been done to keep the information displayed on screens from reaching eyes of the bystanders. At the same time, the reporter just stands in front of the screen during traditional meetings. Limited time, screen area and report forms, which inevitably leads to limited information. As a result, we design a portable screen for assisting the reporter to present any information in a new form. In some public occasions, the reporter can show private content with important information to authorized audience while the others can not see that. In this paper, we propose a new Spatial PsychoVisual Modulation (SPVM) based solution to the privacy problem. This system uses two synchronized projectors with linear polarization filters and polarization glasses, and a camera with linear polarization filter the metallic screen. It can guarantee the system shows private information synchronously. We have implemented the system and experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed information security display system."
#abstract_short = "Saliency detection, free energy, semi-parametric model, linear autoregressive (AR) model, bi-later filtering."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8305058"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"




# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
