+++
title = "Internal generative mechanism inspired reduced reference image quality assessment with entropy of primitive"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-12-10"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Shanshe Wang", "Shiqi Wang","**Ke Gu**", "Xiaoqiang Guo", "Siwei Ma", "Wen Gao"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Visual Communication and Image Processing (VCIP)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE International Conference on Visual Communication and Image Processing (VCIP)*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper, we propose a novel reduced-reference (RR) image quality assessment (IQA) algorithm based on the internal generative mechanism, which suggests that the human visual system (HVS) can actively predict the primary visual information and avoid the uncertainty. Specifically, the explanation of the visual scene is formulated as the process of sparse representation. In particular, the entropy of primitive accounts for the primary visual information and the discrepancy between the image signal and its best sparse description is regarded as the uncertainty in perception. As such, the combined feature that can summarize the primary visual information and uncertainty in sparse domain is required to be transmitted in the RR-IQA framework. Comparative studies of the proposed reduced reference metric is conduced on both single and multiple distortion databases, and experimental results demonstrate that the proposed metric can achieve high correlation with the human perception by only sending ignorable additional information."
#abstract_short = "Saliency detection, free energy, semi-parametric model, linear autoregressive (AR) model, bi-later filtering."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8305134"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"




# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
