+++
title = "Subjective quality assessment of animation images"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-12-10"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Guanghui Yue", "Chunping Hou","**Ke Gu**"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "IEEE International Conference on Visual Communication and Image Processing (VCIP)*."
publication_short = "IEEE International Conference on Visual Communication and Image Processing (VCIP)*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In the past few decades, many attempts have been maken to evaluate the image quality assessment (IQA) of natural scene images. However, the IQA research of animation images (AIs) has been highly overlooked. In this article, we carry out in-depth study on perceptual quality assessment of AIs. As the lack of a public and diverse testing database currently, this paper builds a large-scale Animation Images Quality Assessment Database (AIQAD). This database totally includes 1050 distorted images derived from 30 source images by corrupting seven distortion types with multiple distortion levels. Then, a subjective experiment, which is the basic and accurate quality evaluation measurement, is conducted to obtain the mean opinion score (MOS) for each image. Furthermore, we also investigate the feasibility of utilizing existing mainstream full reference (FR) IQA metrics to solve the IQA problem of AIs. Experimental results demonstrate that existing mainstream FR IQA metrics merely achieve fair performance on the proposed database."
#abstract_short = "Saliency detection, free energy, semi-parametric model, linear autoregressive (AR) model, bi-later filtering."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8305135"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"




# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
