+++
title = "Using free energy principle for blind image quality assessment"

# Date first published.
date = "2015-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann","Jun Zhou","Guangtao Zhai","Alan Conrad Bovik","Leida Li","Hong Lu","Xiaokang Yang"]`.
authors = ["Ke Gu","Guangtao Zhai","Xiaokang Yang","Wenjun Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Multimedia*."
publication_short = "In *T-MM*,  <font color=#FF0000><u>**ESI Highly Cited Paper & Top 1 Cited Paper of T-MM since 2015**</u></font>"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper we propose a new no-reference (NR) image quality assessment (IQA) metric using the recently revealed free-energy-based brain theory and classical human visual system (HVS)-inspired features. The features used can be divided into three groups. The first involves the features inspired by the free energy principle and the structural degradation model. Furthermore, the free energy theory also reveals that the HVS always tries to infer the meaningful part from the visual stimuli. In terms of this finding, we first predict an image that the HVS perceives from a distorted image based on the free energy theory, then the second group of features is composed of some HVS-inspired features (such as structural information and gradient magnitude) computed using the distorted and predicted images. The third group of features quantifies the possible losses of “naturalness” in the distorted image by fitting the generalized Gaussian distribution to mean subtracted contrast normalized coefficients. After feature extraction, our algorithm utilizes the support vector machine based regression module to derive the overall quality score. Experiments on LIVE, TID2008, CSIQ, IVC, and Toyama databases confirm the effectiveness of our introduced NR IQA metric compared to the state-of-the-art."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/15.pdf"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/CODE/15.rar"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 馃槃"

+++
