+++
title = "Hybrid no-reference quality metric for singly and multiply distorted images"

# Date first published.
date = "2014-09-11"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann","Jun Zhou","Guangtao Zhai","Alan Conrad Bovik","Leida Li","Hong Lu","Xiaokang Yang"]`.
authors = ["Ke Gu","Guangtao Zhai","Xiaokang Yang","Wenjun Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Broadcasting(T-BC)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE Transactions on Broadcasting(T-BC)*.,  <font color=#FF0000><u>**Top 4 Cited Paper of T-BC in 2014**</u></font>"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In a typical image communication system, the visual signal presented to the end users may undergo the steps of acquisition, compression and transmission which cause the artifacts of blurring, quantization and noise. However, the researches of image quality assessment (IQA) with multiple distortion types are very limited. In this paper, we first introduce a new multiply distorted image database (MDID2013), which is composed of 324 images that are simultaneously corrupted by blurring, JPEG compression and noise injection. We then propose a new six-step blind metric (SISBLIM) for quality assessment of both singly and multiply distorted images. Inspired by the early human visual model and recently revealed free energy based brain theory, our method works to systematically combine the single quality prediction of each emerging distortion type and joint effects of different distortion sources. Comparative studies of the proposed SISBLIM with popular full-reference IQA approaches and start-of-the-art no-reference IQA metrics are conducted on five singly distorted image databases (LIVE, TID2008, CSIQ, IVC, Toyama) and two newly released multiply distorted image databases (LIVEMD, MDID2013). Experimental results confirm the effectiveness of our blind technique. MATLAB codes of the proposed SISBLIM algorithm and MDID2013 database will be available online at http://gvsp.sjtu.edu.cn/."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/19.pdf"

url_code = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/CODE/19.rar"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
