+++
title = "Evaluating quality of screen content images via structural variation analysis"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-11-09"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Ke Gu", "Junfei Qiao","Xiongkuo Min","Guanghui Yue","Weisi Lin","Daniel Thalmann"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Visualization and Computer Graphics*."
publication_short = "In *T-VCG*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "With the quick development and popularity of computers, computer-generated signals have drastically invaded into our daily lives. Screen content image is a typical example, since it also includes graphic and textual images as components as compared with natural scene images which have been deeply explored, and thus screen content image has posed novel challenges to current researches, such as compression, transmission, display, quality assessment, and more. In this paper, we focus our attention on evaluating the quality of screen content images based on the analysis of structural variation, which is caused by compression, transmission, and more. We classify structures into global and local structures, which correspond to basic and detailed perceptions of humans, respectively. The characteristics of graphic and textual images, e.g. limited color variations, and the human visual system are taken into consideration. Based on these concerns, we systematically combine the measurements of variations in the above-stated two types of structures to yield the final quality estimation of screen content images. Thorough experiments are conducted on three screen content image quality databases, in which the images are corrupted during capturing, compression, transmission, etc. Results demonstrate the superiority of our proposed quality model as compared with state-of-the-art relevant methods."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8100977"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
