+++
title = "Quality Assessment Considering Viewing Distance and Image Resolution"

# Date first published.
date = "2015-07-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Ke Gu", "Min Liu","Guangtao Zhai","Xiaokang Yang","Wenjun Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON BROADCASTING*."
publication_short = "In *TBC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Viewing distance and image resolution have substantial influences on image quality assessment (IQA), but this issue has been highly overlooked in the literature so far. In this paper, we examine the problem of optimal resolution adjustment as a preprocessing step for IQA. In general, the sampling of visual information by human eyes’ optics is approximately a low-pass process. For a given visual scene, the amount of the extractable information greatly depends on the viewing distance and image resolution. We first introduce a novel dedicated viewing distance-changed image database (VDID2014) with two groups of typical viewing distances and image resolutions to promote the IQA study for this issue. Then we design a new effective optimal scale selection (OSS) model in dual-transform domains, in which a cascade of adaptive high-frequency clipping in the discrete wavelet transform domain and adaptive resolution scaling in the spatial domain is used. Validation of our technique is conducted on five image databases (LIVE, IVC, Toyama, VDID2014, and TID2008). Experimental results show that the performance of peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) and structural similarity index (SSIM) can be substantially improved by applying these metrics to OSS model preprocessed images, superior to classical multi-scale-PSNR/SSIM and comparable to the state-of-the-art competitors."
abstract_short = "Image quality assessment (IQA), subjective/objective assessment, viewing distance, image resolution, adaptive resolution scaling, adaptive high-frequency clipping."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "pdf/2015TBC.pdf"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "headers/2015TBC.jpg"
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
