+++
title = "Visual Saliency Detection With Free Energy Theory"

# Date first published.
date = "2015-07-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Ke Gu", "Guangtao Zhai","Weisi Lin","Xiaokang Yang","Wenjun Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE SIGNAL PROCESSING LETTERS*."
publication_short = "In *SPL*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Visual saliency can be thought of as the product of human brain activity. Most existing models were built upon local features or global features or both. Lately, a so-called free energy principle unifies several brain theories within one framework, and tells where easily surprise human viewers in a visual stimulus through a psychological measure. We believe that this “surprise” should be highly related to visual saliency, and thereby introduce a novel computational Free Energy inspired Saliency detection technique (FES). Our method computes the local entropy of the gap between an input image signal and its predicted counterpart that is reconstructed from the input one with a semiparametric model. Experimental results prove that our algorithm predicts human fixation points accurately and is superior to classical/state-of-the-art competitors. Our source code will be released at http://www.ntu.edu.sg/home/wslin/Publications.htm and https://sites.google.com/site/guke198701/home."
abstract_short = "Saliency detection, free energy, semi-parametric model, linear autoregressive (AR) model, bi-later filtering."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7061928/?reload=true"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "headers/2015SPL.jpg"
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
