+++
title = "A prediction backed model for quality assessment of screen content and 3D synthesized images"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-02-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann","Jun Zhou","Guangtao Zhai","Alan Conrad Bovik","Leida Li","Hong Lu","Xiaokang Yang"]`.
authors = ["Vinit Jakhetiya","**Ke Gu(Corresponding Author)**","Weisi Lin","Qiaohong Li","Sunil Prasad Jaiswal"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics*."
publication_short = "In *T-II*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper, we address problems associated with free-energy-principle-based image quality assessment (IQA) algorithms for objectively assessing the quality of Screen Content (SC) and three-dimensional (3-D) synthesized images and also propose a very fast and efficient IQA algorithm to address these issues. These algorithms separate an image into predicted and disorder residual parts and assume disorder residual part does not contribute much to the overall perceptual quality. These algorithms fail for quality estimation of SC images as information of textual regions in SC images are largely separated into the disorder residual part and less information in the predicted part and subsequently, given a negligible emphasis. However, this is in contrast with the characteristics of human vision. Since our eyes are well trained to detect text in daily life. So, our human vision has prior information about text regions and can sense small distortions in these regions. In this paper, we proposed a new reduced-reference IQA algorithm for SC images based upon a more perceptually relevant prediction model and distortion categorization, which overcomes problems with existing free-energy-principle-based predictors. From experiments, it is validated that the proposed model has a better capability of efficiently estimating the quality of SC images as compared to the recently developed reduced-reference IQA algorithms. We also applied the proposed algorithm to judge the quality of 3-D synthesized images and observed that it even achieves better performance than the full-reference IQA metrics specifically designed for the 3-D synthesized views."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8049467"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
