+++
title = "Perceptual reduced-reference visual quality assessment for contrast alteration"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-03-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann","Jun Zhou","Guangtao Zhai","Alan Conrad Bovik","Leida Li","Hong Lu","Xiaokang Yang"]`.
authors = ["Min Liu","**Ke Gu(Corresponding Author)**","Guangtao Zhai","Patrick Le Callet","Wenjun Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Broadcasting*."
publication_short = "In *T-BC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In image/video systems, contrast adjustment which manages to enhance visual quality is nowadays an important research topic. Yet very limited struggles have been made to the exploration of visual quality assessment for contrast adjustment. To tackle the issue, this paper proposes a novel reduced-reference (RR) quality metric with the integration of bottom-up and top-down strategies. The former one stems from the recently revealed free energy principle that tells that the human visual system seeks to comprehend an input image via uncertainty removal, while the latter one is toward using the symmetric Kullback-Leibler divergence to compare the histogram of the contrast-altered image with that of the pristine image. The bottom-up and top-down strategies are lastly incorporated to derive the RR contrast-altered image quality measure. A comparison using numerous existing IQA models is carried out on five contrast related databases/subsets in CID2013, CCID2014, CSIQ, TID2008, and TID2013, and experimental results validate the superiority of the proposed technique."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7559777"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
