+++
title = "Reduced-reference quality assessment of screen content images"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann","Jun Zhou","Guangtao Zhai","Alan Conrad Bovik","Leida Li","Hong Lu","Xiaokang Yang"]`.
authors = ["Shiqi Wang","**Ke Gu**","Xinfeng Zhang","Weisi Lin","Siwei Ma","Wen Gao"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems for Video Technology(T-CSVT)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems for Video Technology(T-CSVT)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The screen content images (SCIs) quality influences the user experience and the interactive performance of remote computing systems. With numerous approaches proposed to evaluate the quality of natural images, much less work has been dedicated to reduced-reference image quality assessment (RR-IQA) of SCIs. Here, we propose an RR-IQA method from the perspective of SCI visual perception. In particular, the quality of the distorted SCI is evaluated by comparing a set of extracted statistical features that consider both primary visual information and unpredictable uncertainty. A unique property that differentiates the proposed method from previous RR-IQA methods for natural images is the consideration of behaviors when human subjects view the screen content, which motivates us to establish the perceptual model according to the distinct properties of SCIs. Validations based on the screen content IQA database show that the proposed algorithm provides accurate predictions across a wide range of SCI distortions with negligible transmission overhead."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/26.pdf"

url_code = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/CODE/26.rar"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
