+++
title = "Blind quality assessment based on pseudo reference image"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-02-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann","Jun Zhou","Guangtao Zhai","Alan Conrad Bovik","Leida Li","Hong Lu","Xiaokang Yang"]`.
authors = ["Xiongkuo Min","**Ke Gu**","Guangtao Zhai","Jing Liu","Xiaokang Yang","Chang Wen Chang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Multimedia*."
publication_short = "In *T-MM*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Traditional full-reference (FR) image quality assessment (IQA) metrics generally predict the distorted image quality by measuring its deviation from a perfect quality image called reference image. When the reference image is not fully available, the reduced-reference (RR) and no-reference (NR) IQA metrics may still be able to derive some characteristics of the perfect quality images, and then measure the distorted image's deviation from these characteristics. In this paper, contrary to the conventional IQA metrics, we utilize a new “reference” called pseudo reference image (PRI), and a PRI-based blind IQA (BIQA) framework. Different from traditional reference image which is assumed to have a perfect quality, PRI is generated from the distorted image and is assumed to suffer from the severest distortion for a given application. Based on the PRI-based BIQA framework, we develop distortion-specific metrics to estimate blockiness, sharpness and noisiness. The PRI-based metrics calculate the similarity between the distorted image's and the PRI's structures. An image suffering from severer distortion has higher degree of similarity with the corresponding PRI. Through a 2-stage quality regression after distortion identification framework, we then integrate the PRI-based distortion-specific metrics into a general-purpose BIQA method named blind PRI-based (BPRI) metric. The BPRI metric is opinion-unaware (OU), and almost training-free except for the distortion identification process. Comparative studies on 5 large IQA databases show that the proposed BPRI model is comparable to the state-of-the-art opinion-aware- (OA-) and OUBIQA models. Furthermore, BPRI not only performs well when evaluating natural scene image (NSI) but also performs well when applied to screen content image (SCI) quality assessment databases. The MATLAB source code of the BPRI and other PRI-based distortion-specific metrics will be publicly available."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/27.pdf"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 馃槃"

+++
