+++
title = "Reduced- reference image quality assessment in free-energy principle and sparse representation"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-02-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann","Jun Zhou","Guangtao Zhai","Alan Conrad Bovik","Leida Li","Hong Lu","Xiaokang Yang"]`.
authors = ["Yutao Liu","Guangtao Zhai","**Ke Gu**","Xianming Liu","Debin Zhao","Wen Gao"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Multimedia*."
publication_short = "In *T-MM*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The free-energy principle in recent studies of brain theory and neuroscience models the perception and understanding of the outside scene as an active inference process, in which the brain tries to account for the visual scene with an internal generative model. Specifically, with the internal generative model, the brain yields corresponding predictions for its encountered visual scenes. Then, the discrepancy between the visual input and its brain prediction should be closely related to the quality of perceptions. On the other hand, sparse representation has been evidenced to resemble the strategy of the primary visual cortex in the brain for representing natural images. With the strong neurobiological support for sparse representation, in this paper, we approximate the internal generative model with sparse representation and propose an image quality metric accordingly, which is named FSI (free-energy principle and sparse representation-based index for image quality assessment). In FSI, the reference and distorted images are, respectively, predicted by the sparse representation at first. Then, the difference between the entropies of the prediction discrepancies is defined to measure the image quality. Experimental results on four large-scale image databases confirm the effectiveness of the FSI and its superiority over representative image quality assessment methods. The FSI belongs to reduced-reference methods, and it only needs a single number from the reference image for quality estimation."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/28.pdf"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
