+++
title = "Optimizing multi-stage discriminative dictionaries for blind image quality assessment"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-02-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann","Jun Zhou","Guangtao Zhai","Alan Conrad Bovik","Leida Li","Hong Lu","Xiaokang Yang"]`.
authors = ["Qiuping Jiang","Feng Shao","Weisi Lin","**Ke Gu**","Gangyi Jiang","Huifang Sun"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Multimedia*."
publication_short = "In *T-MM*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "According to the types of the used features, state-ofthe-art methods for blind image quality assessment (BIQA) typically have two categories. The first category utilizes handcrafted natural scene statistics (NSS) features which are derived based on the statistical regularity of natural images. The second category utilizes codebook-based features which are obtained by feature encoding over a pre-constructed codebook. However, several problems need to be addressed in the existing codebook-based BIQA methods. First, dimension of the involved codebook-based features is too high. Second, codebooks are usually constructed by unsupervised learning algorithms. To address these problems, we propose a novel codebook-based BIQA method by optimizing multi-stage discriminative dictionaries (MSDDs). To be more specific, MSDDs are learned by performing the label consistent K-SVD (LC-KSVD) algorithm in a stage-by-stage manner. In each stage, a new quality consistency constraint called “qualitydiscriminative regularization” term is introduced and incorporated into the traditional reconstruction error term to form a unified objective function which can be effectively solved by LC-KSVD. Then, the latter stage takes the reconstruction residual data in the former stage as input based on which LC-KSVD is repeatedly performed until the final stage is reached. Once the MSDDs are learned, multi-stage feature encoding (MSFE) is performed to extract feature codes. Finally, the feature codes are concatenated across all stages and spatially aggregated over the entire image for quality prediction via a typical regression module. The proposed method has been extensively evaluated on five IQA databases and the experimental results has well confirmed its superiority over the existing relevant BIQA methods."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/30.pdf"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 馃槃"

+++
