+++
title = "Just-noticeable difference based perceptual optimization for JPEG compression"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-01-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Xinfeng Zhang","Shiqi Wang,"**Ke Gu**","Weisi Lin","Siwei Ma","Wen Gao"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Signal Processing Letters*."
publication_short = "In *SPL*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The Quantization table in JPEG, which specifies the quantization scale for each discrete cosine transform (DCT) coefficient, plays an important role in image codec optimization. However, the generic quantization table design that is based on the characteristics of human visual system (HVS) cannot adapt to the variations of image content. In this letter, we propose a just-noticeable difference (JND) based quantization table derivation method for JPEG by optimizing the rate-distortion costs for all the frequency bands. To achieve better perceptual quality, the DCT domain JND-based distortion metric is utilized to model the stair distortion perceived by HVS. The rate-distortion cost for each band is derived by estimating the rate with the first-order entropy of quantized coefficients. Subsequently, the optimal quantization table is obtained by minimizing the total rate-distortion costs of all the bands. Extensive experimental results show that the quantization table generated by the proposed method achieves significant bit-rate savings compared with JPEG recommended quantization table and specifically developed quantization tables in terms of both objective and subjective evaluations."
#abstract_short = "Saliency detection, free energy, semi-parametric model, linear autoregressive (AR) model, bi-later filtering."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7790871/"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
