+++
title = "Visual attention analysis and prediction on human faces"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-08-15"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Xiongkuo Min", "Guangtao Zhai", "**Ke Gu**"," Jing Liu"," Shiqi Wang"," Xinfeng Zhang"," Xiaokang Yang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Information Sciences(InS)*."
publication_short = "In *Information Sciences(InS)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Human faces are almost always the focus of visual attention because of the rich semantic information therein. While some visual attention models incorporating face cues indeed perform better in images with faces, yet there is no systematic analysis of the deployment of visual attention on human faces in the context of visual attention modelling, nor is there any specific attention model designed for face images. On faces, many high-level factors have influence on visual attention. To investigate visual attention on human faces, we first construct a Visual Attention database for Faces (VAF database), which is com- posed of 481 face images along with eye-tracking data of 22 viewers. Statistics of the eye- movement data show that some high-level factors such as face size, facial features and face pose have impact on visual attention. Thus we propose to build visual attention models specifically for face images through combining low-level saliency calculated by traditional saliency models with high-level facial features. Efficiency of the built models is verified on the VAF database. When combined with high-level facial features, most saliency models can achieve better performance."
# abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0020025516309616"

url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
