+++
title = "No reference image blurriness assessment with local binary patterns"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-11-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Guanghui Yue", "Chunping Hou", "**Ke Gu**", "Nam Ling"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Journal of Visual Communication and Image Representation（JVCI）*."
publication_short = "In *Journal of Visual Communication and Image Representation（JVCI）*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper, we put forward an effective and efficient no reference image blurriness assessment metric on the basis of local binary pattern (LBP) features. In this proposal, we reveal that part of the LBP histogram bins present monotonously with the degree of blurriness. The proposed method contains the following steps. Firstly, the LBP maps of an input image are extracted with multiple radiuses. And then, the frequency of pattern histogram is analyzed before part of bins are chosen as the features. In addition, we also take the entropy of these bins as another feature. Finally, we learn the extracted features to predict the image blurriness score. Validation of the proposed method is conducted on the blurred images of LIVE-II, CSIQ, TID2008, TID2013, LIVE3D IQA Phase I and LIVE3D IQA Phase II. Experimental results demonstrate that compared with the state-of-the-art image quality assessment (IQA) methods, the proposed algorithm has notable advantage in correlation with subjective perception and computational complexity."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1047320317301852"

url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
