+++
title = "Quality assessment for real out-of-focus blurred images"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-07-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Yutao Liu", "**Ke Gu**", "Guangtao Zhai", "Xianming Liu", "Debin Zhao", "Wen Gao"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Journal of Visual Communication and Image Representation*."
publication_short = "In *JVCI*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Images are vulnerable to different kinds of distortions, such as blur, noise, blockiness etc, which all degrade the image quality. Among the distorted images, out-of-focus blurred images are frequently-encountered and occupy a large proportion. However, few efforts have been done to quality evaluation for these images. In this paper, we devise a dedicated quality evaluation scheme to automatically infer the quality of out-of-focus blurred images, which is named GPSQ (Gradient magnitude and Phase congruency-based and Saliency-guided Quality model). In GPSQ, a pair of low-level features, including gradient magnitude (GM) and phase congruency (PC), are extracted to characterize the image local blurriness. Then saliency detection is performed on the image to generate a corresponding saliency map. Finally, we weight the local structure map with the saliency map to estimate the visual quality of the out-of-focus blurred image. Experimental results demonstrate the proposed GPSQ delivers high consistency with subjective evaluation results."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1047320317300676"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
