+++
title = "A generic denoising framework via guided principal component analysis"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-10-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Tao Dai", "Zhiya Xu, Haoyi Liang", "**Ke Gu**", "Qingtao Tang", "Yisen Wang", "Weizhi Lu", "Shu-Tao Xia"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Journal of Visual Communication and Image Representation*."
publication_short = "In *JVCI*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Though existing state-of-the-art denoising algorithms, such as BM3D, LPG-PCA and DDF, obtain remarkable results, these methods are not good at preserving details at high noise levels, sometimes even introducing non-existent artifacts. To improve the performance of these denoising methods at high noise levels, a generic denoising framework is proposed in this paper, which is based on guided principle component analysis (GPCA). The propose framework can be split into two stages. First, we use statistic test to generate an initial denoised image through back projection, where the statistical test can detect the significantly relevant information between the denoised image and the corresponding residual image. Second, similar image patches are collected to form different patch groups, and local basis are learned from each patch group by principle component analysis. Experimental results on natural images, contaminated with Gaussian and non-Gaussian noise, verify the effectiveness of the proposed framework."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1047320317301104"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
