+++
title = "Towards efficient blind quality evaluation of screen content images based on edge-preserving filter"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-03-30"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Jiansheng Qian", "Lijuan Tang", "Vinit Jakhetiya", "Zhifang Xia", "**Ke Gu**", "Hong Lu"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Electronics Letters*."
publication_short = "In *ELL*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The problem of quality assessment of screen content images from two respects is addressed, the edge-preserving filter based free energy and structural degradation model. For screen content images which always contain texts, edge information plays an important role in the process of evaluating the screen images quality. Inspired by this, the edge-preserving filter based free energy entropy and structural degradation model were combined to extract the quality features and accordingly the statistical model of screen content images was established. Experimental results prove that the proposed method can produce highly consistent with human perception, particularly superior to state-of-the-art full- and no-reference quality metrics on the SIQAD database dedicated to the quality assessment of screen images."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7915271/"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
