+++
title = "Guided image contrast enhancement based on retrieved images in cloud"

# Date first published.
date = "2015-12-17"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Shiqi Wang", "**Ke Gu**", "Siwei Ma, Weisi Lin", "Xianming Liu", "Wen Gao"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Multimedia(T-MM)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE Transactions on Multimedia(T-MM)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We propose a guided image contrast enhancement framework based on cloud images, in which the context- sensitive and context-free contrast is jointly improved via solving a multi-criteria optimization problem. In particular, the context-sensitive contrast is improved by performing advanced unsharp masking on the input and edge-preserving filtered images, while the context-free contrast enhancement is achieved by the sigmoid transfer mapping. To automatically determine the contrast enhancement level, the parameters in the optimization process are estimated by taking advantages of the retrieved images with similar content. For the purpose of automatically avoiding the involvement of low-quality retrieved images as the guidance, a recently developed no-reference image quality metric is adopted to rank the retrieved images from the cloud. The image complexity from the free-energy-based brain theory and the surface quality statistics in salient regions are collaboratively optimized to infer the parameters. Experimental results confirm that the proposed technique can efficiently create visually-pleasing enhanced images which are better than those produced by the classical techniques in both subjective and objective comparisons."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/47.pdf"

url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
