+++
title = "Joint chroma downsampling and upsampling for screen content image"

# Date first published.
date = "2015-07-29"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Shiqi Wang", "**Ke Gu**", "Siwei Ma", "Wen Gao,"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems for Video Technology*."
publication_short = "In *T-CSVT*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Screen content images are originally captured in a full-chroma format. The chroma downsampling, which is commonly applied to the chroma component in screen content image representation and processing (e.g., YUV4:2:0 compression), will significantly degrade the image quality and create annoying artifacts such as blur and color shifting. To tackle this problem, in this paper we propose luma aware chroma downsampling and upsampling algorithms to jointly improve the quality of the chroma image reconstruction. Guided by the luma information, the chroma upsampling algorithm is proposed with the utilization of major color and index map representation. The geometric information-based linear mapping is developed to transfer the structure of luma to the interpolated chroma. Subsequently, the error sensitivity of the upsampling method is analyzed, and content dependent downsampling algorithm is presented to minimize the error sensitivity function. We further explore the applicability of the proposed scheme in the scenario of screen content compression, targeting at improving the decoded chroma image quality for display. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the viability and efficiency of the proposed scheme."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/48.pdf"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
