+++
title = "No-reference quality assessment of screen content pictures"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-08-02"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann","Jun Zhou","Guangtao Zhai","Alan Conrad Bovik","Leida Li","Hong Lu"]`.
authors = ["Ke Gu","Jun Zhou","Junfei Qiao","Guangtao Zhai","Weisi Lin","Alan Conrad Bovik"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Image Processing*."
publication_short = "In *T-IP*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Recent years have witnessed a growing number of image and video centric applications on mobile, vehicular, and cloud platforms, involving a wide variety of digital screen content images. Unlike natural scene images captured with modern high fidelity cameras, screen content images are typically composed of fewer colors, simpler shapes, and a larger frequency of thin lines. In this paper, we develop a novel blind/no-reference (NR) model for accessing the perceptual quality of screen content pictures with big data learning. The new model extracts four types of features descriptive of the picture complexity, of screen content statistics, of global brightness quality, and of the sharpness of details. Comparative experiments verify the efficacy of the new model as compared with existing relevant blind picture quality assessment algorithms applied on screen content image databases. A regression module is trained on a considerable number of training samples labeled with objective visual quality predictions delivered by a high-performance full-reference method designed for screen content image quality assessment (IQA). This results in an opinion-unaware NR blind screen content IQA algorithm. Our proposed model delivers computational efficiency and promising performance. The source code of the new model will be available at: https://sites.google.com/site/guke198701/publications."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7938348"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
