+++
title = "Using multiscale analysis for blind quality assessment of DIBR-synthesized images"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-02-22"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["**Ke Gu**", "Junfei Qiao", "Patrick Le Callet", "Zhifang Xia", "Weisi Lin"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Image Processing*."
publication_short = "In *ICIP*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper we propose to blindly evaluate the quality of images synthesized based on a depth image-based rendering (DIBR) procedure. As an important branch in virtual reality (VR), superior DIBR techniques provide free viewpoints in many real applications such as remote surveillance and education, but few efforts have been made to measure the performance of DIBR methods (i.e. the quality of DIBR-synthesized images), especially in the condition of reference unavailable. To this aim, we put forward a new no-reference (NR) image quality assessment (IQA) model via multiscale analysis, dubbed as MSA. The design philosophy of our proposed MSA model is that the DIBR-introduced geometry distortions damage the self-similarity characteristic of natural images and the damage degrees present regular variations at distinct scales. Through systematically incorporating the measurements of the variations provided above, our MSA model can faithfully predict the quality of images generated using different DIBR technologies. Results of experiments demonstrate that the proposed blind MSA model has delivered noticeably better performance than state-of-the-art full-and no-reference IQA methods."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8296380/"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
