+++
title = "Screen image quality assessment incorporating structural degradation measurement"

# Date first published.
date = "2015-07-30"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["**Ke Gu**", "Shiqi Wang", "Guangtao Zhai", "Siwei Ma", "Weisi Lin"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems*."
publication_short = "In *ISCAS*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Screen content is typically composed of computer generated text and graphics. The contents shown on the screen exhibit various unnatural properties, such as sharp edges and thin lines with few color variations. In this paper we design a novel structure-induced quality metric (SIQM) for assessing the screen image quality. The proposed SIQM works by weighting the benchmark structural similarity index (SSIM) with the structural degradation measurement that is computed using SSIM as well. Experimental results conducted on the newly released subjective quality database concerning screen images show that on one hand the proposed technique is superior to existing quality measures, and on the other hand our model is able to optimize screen video coding and thus introduce remarkable visual quality improvement."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7168586/"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
