+++
title = "A general histogram modification framework for efficient contrast enhancement"

# Date first published.
date = "2015-07-03"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["**Ke Gu**", "Guangtao Zhai", "Shiqi Wang", "Min Liu", "Jiantao Zhou", "Weisi Lin"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems(ISCAS)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems(ISCAS)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper we propose a new general histogram modification framework for contrast enhancement. The proposed model works with a hybrid transformation technique to improve image brightness and contrast based on an optional histogram matching in terms of reassigned probability distribution and S-shaped transfer mapping. Experimental results conducted on natural, dimmed, and tone-mapped images show that the proposed technique creates enhanced images efficiently with equivalent or superior visual quality to those produced by classical and state-of-the-art enhancement approaches."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/56.pdf"

url_code = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/CODE/(56)A%20general%20histogram%20modification%20framework%20for%20efficient%20contrast%20enhancement.rar"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
