+++
title = "Deep learning network for blind image quality assessment"

# Date first published.
date = "2015-01-29"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["**Ke Gu**", "Guangtao Zhai", "Xiaokang Yang", "Wenjun Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Image Processing*."
publication_short = "In *ICIP*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Nowadays, blind image quality assessment (BIQA) has been intensively studied with machine learning, such as support vector machine (SVM) and k-means. Existing BIQA metrics, however, do not perform robust for various kinds of distortion types. We believe this problem is because those frequently used traditional machine learning techniques exploit shallow architectures, which only contain one single layer of nonlinear feature transformation, and thus cannot highly mimic the mechanism of human visual perception to image quality. The recent advance of deep neural network (DNN) can help to solve this problem, since the DNN is found to better capture the essential attributes of images. We in this paper therefore introduce a new Deep learning based Image Quality Index (DIQI) for blind quality assessment. Extensive studies are conducted on the new TID2013 database and confirm the effectiveness of our DIQI relative to classical full-reference and state-of-the-art reduced- and no-reference IQA approaches."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7025102/"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
