+++
title = "A fast reliable image quality predictor by fusing micro- and macro-structures"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-05-16"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Ke Gu","Leida Li","Hong Lu","Xiongkuo Min","Weisi Lin"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics(T-IE) *."
publication_short = "In *IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics(T-IE) *."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "A fast reliable computational quality predictor is eagerly desired in practical image/video applications, such as serving for the quality monitoring of real-time coding and transcoding. In this paper, we propose a new perceptual image quality assessment (IQA) metric based on the human visual system (HVS). The proposed IQA model performs efficiently with convolution operations at multiscales, gradient magnitude, and color information similarity, and a perceptual-based pooling. Extensive experiments are conducted using four popular large-size image databases and two multiply distorted image databases, and results validate the superiority of our approach over modern IQA measures in efficiency and efficacy. Our metric is built on the theoretical support of the HVS with lately designed IQA methods as special cases."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/6.pdf"

url_code = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/CODE/(6)A%20fast%20reliable%20image%20quality%20predictor%20by%20fusing%20micro-%20and%20macro-structures.rar"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
