+++
title = "Subjective and objective quality assessment for images with contrast change"

# Date first published.
date = "2014-02-13"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["**Ke Gu**", "Guangtao Zhai", "Xiaokang Yang", "Wenjun Zhang", "Min Liu"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Image Processing*."
publication_short = "In *ICIP*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "It is widely known that, for most natural images, appropriate contrast enhancement can usually lead to improved subjective quality. Despite of its importance to image processing, contrast change has largely been overlooked in the current research of image quality assessment (IQA). To fill this void, in this paper we first report a new and dedicated contrast-changed image database (CID2013). The CID2013 database is composed of four hundred contrast-changed images of fifteen original natural images and the mean opinion scores (MOSs) recorded from twenty-two inexperienced viewers. We then proposed a novel reduced-reference image quality metric for contrast-changed images (RIQMC) using entropies and order statistics of the image histograms. Experimental results on the CID2013, TID2008, and CSIQ databases demonstrate that the proposed RIQMC metric outperforms some mainstream image quality assessment methods."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/6738079/"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
