+++
title = "No-reference image quality assessment metric by combining free energy theory and structural degradation model"

# Date first published.
date = "2013-09-26"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["**Ke Gu**", "Guangtao Zhai", "Xiaokang Yang", "Wenjun Zhang", "Longfei Liang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Multimedia and Expo(ICME)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE International Conference on Multimedia and Expo(ICME)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In the research of image quality assessment (IQA), no-reference approaches are usually thought of as a big challenge since none of original image information is available. To tackle this problem, we propose a new no-reference image quality metric through combining two recently proposed reduced-reference IQA models, namely the free energy based distortion metric (FEDM) and the structural degradation model (SDM). In this work, it will be shown that there exists an approximate linear relationship between the original image information of the free energy feature and the structural degradation information. Based on this observation and the application of support vector machine (SVM) that is widely used in the current study of IQA, our newly developed No-reference Free energy and Structural degradation based Distortion Metric (NFSDM) is found to alleviate the dependance of original images, and has achieved remarkably well prediction accuracy, outperforming the most two full-reference IQA approaches PSNR/SSIM and several mainstream no-reference image quality metrics."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/62.pdf"

url_code = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/CODE/62.rar"
url_dataset = "#"

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
