+++
title = "Structural similarity weighting for image quality assessment"

# Date first published.
date = "2013-10-03"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["**Ke Gu**", "Guangtao Zhai", "Xiaokang Yang", "Wenjun Zhang", "Min Liu"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Multimedia and Expo Workshop*."
publication_short = "In *ICMEW*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Recently, there has been a trend of investigating weighting/pooling strategies in the research of image quality assessment (IQA). The saliency maps, information content maps and other weighting strategies were reportedly to be able to amend performance of IQA metrics to a sizable margin. In this work, we will show that local structural similarity is itself an effective yet simple weighting scheme leading to substantial performance improvement of IQA. More specifically, we propose a Structural similarity Weighted SSIM (SW-SSIM) metric by locally weighting the SSIM map with local structural similarities computed using SSIM itself. Experimental results on LIVE database confirm the performance of SW-SSIM as compared to some major weighting/pooling type of IQA methods, such as MS-SSIM, WSSIM and IW-SSIM. We would like to emphasize that our SW-SSIM is merely a straightforward realization of a more general framework of locally weighting IQA metric using itself as similarity measures."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/63.pdf"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/CODE/63.rar"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
