+++
title = "A new reduced-reference image quality assessment using structural degradation model"

# Date first published.
date = "2013-08-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["**Ke Gu**", "Guangtao Zhai", "Xiaokang Yang", "Wenjun Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems*."
publication_short = "In *ISCAS*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Image quality assessment (IQA) is an important research area in image processing. Reduced-reference (RR) IQA methods contained therein mainly aim to estimate image quality degradations with partial information about the reference image. Following the remarkable achievement of SSIM, structural information has been recognized as one key factor, and has aroused many image quality metrics so far. In this paper, we design a structural degradation model (SDM). Then, the quality score of an image is defined as a nonlinear combination, or SVM based integration, of distance between the structural degradation information of the original and distorted images. Accordingly, a new RR IQA approach using the SDM model is exploited. Experimental results on LIVE database are provided to justify the superior prediction accuracy performance of the proposed method as compared to three significant image quality metrics, PSNR, SSIM and FEDM."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/64.pdf"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/CODE/64.rar"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
