+++
title = "Self-adaptive scale transform for IQA metric"

# Date first published.
date = "2013-08-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["**Ke Gu**", "Guangtao Zhai", "Xiaokang Yang", "Wenjun Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems*."
publication_short = "In *ISCAS*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Recently, an increasing number of image quality assessment (IQA) algorithms have been developed based on multi-scale methods, such as MS-SSIM, IFC, VIF and IW-PSNR/SSIM. Inspired by the achievement of multi-scale type of IQA algorithms, this paper proposes a self-adaptive scale transform based IQA approach. Using image size and viewing distance as input variables, we construct a self-adaptive scale transform function to estimate the suitable scale transform coefficient for the following image quality metrics. Two of the most well-known full-reference IQA methods (PSNR and SSIM), and three publicly-available subjectrated image databases (LIVE, IVC and Toyama-MICT) with clear image size and viewing distance values are used as testing beds in this paper. Experimental results and comparative studies on different combinations of IQA methods and image databases suggest the effectiveness and the robustness of the proposed approach."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/65.pdf"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/CODE/65.rar"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
