+++
title = "Fisblim: a five-step blind metric for quality assessment of multiply distorted images"

# Date first published.
date = "2013-12-02"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["**Ke Gu**", "Guangtao Zhai", "Min Liu", "Xiaokang Yang", "Wenjun Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Workshop on Signal Processing Systems(SiPS)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE Workshop on Signal Processing Systems(SiPS)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The last decade has seen a surge of interest in the research of image quality assessment (IQA). Many successful quality metrics, such as structural similarity index (SSIM) are reportedly to achieve very high accuracy for various kinds of image distortions. However, in practice, multiple image distortions tend to occur together and this leads difficulty to previous works of IQA including SSIM and variations. This problem is even more difficult for no-reference or blind quality assessment. To answer this challenge, this paper proposes a new FIve-Step BLInd Metric (FISBLIM) for quality assessment of multiply distorted images. The algorithm is built upon several common image processing blocks to simulate the image perceiving process of the human visual system (HVS). The FISBLIM method is not training based and the performance is robust and not database-dependent. Experimental results on the newly released LIVE multiply distorted image quality database demonstrate the effectiveness of FISBLIM as compared with mainstream full-reference and no-reference image quality metrics."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/68.pdf"

url_code = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/CODE/68.rar"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
