+++
title = "A new no-reference stereoscopic image quality assessment based on ocular dominance theory and degree of parallax"

# Date first published.
date = "2013-02-14"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["**Ke Gu**", "Guangtao Zhai", "Xiaokang Yang", "Wenjun Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Pattern Recognition(ICPR)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE International Conference on Pattern Recognition(ICPR)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In recent years, while stereoscopic images were becoming widely applied and the corresponding technologies were substantially developed, very few stereoscopic image quality assessment metrics were proposed, especially under the condition that there is no reference image available. This paper proposes a new no-reference stereoscopic image quality assessment algorithm based on the ocular dominance theory and degree of parallax. All of our tests using the Toyama database draw two valuable conclusions. First, the performances of stereoscopic image quality assessment methods are significantly affected by difference of image qualities between the left and right images. Second, to offset the discriminations of different degrees of parallax caused by various 3D image contents is required indeed. Experiments and comparative studies are provided to confirm the effectiveness of our proposed new stereoscopic image quality metric."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/69.pdf"

url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
