+++
title = "No-reference quality metric of contrast-distorted images based on information maximization"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-12-15"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann","Jun Zhou","Guangtao Zhai","Alan Conrad Bovik","Leida Li","Hong Lu","Xiaokang Yang"]`.
authors = ["Ke Gu","Weisi Lin","Guangtao Zhai","Xiaokang Yang","Wenjun Zhang","Chang Wen Chen"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Cybernetics*."
publication_short = "In *T-CYB*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The general purpose of seeing a picture is to attain information as much as possible. With it, we in this paper devise a new no-reference/blind metric for image quality assessment (IQA) of contrast distortion. For local details, we lirst roughly remove predicted regions in an image since unpredicted remains are of much information. We then compute entropy of particular unpredicted areas of maximum information via visual saliency. From global perspective, we compare the image histogram with the uniformly distributed histogram of maximum information via the symmetric Kullback-Leibler divergence. The proposed blind IQA method generates an overall quality estimation of a contrast-distorted image by properly combining local and global considerations. Thorough experiments on live databases/subsets demonstrate the superiority of our training-free blind technique over state-of-the-art fulland no-reference IQA methods. Furthermore, the proposed model is also applied to amend the performance of general-purpose blind quality metrics to a sizable margin."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/7.pdf"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/CODE/7.rar"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
