+++
title = "An improved full-reference image quality metric based on structure compensation"

# Date first published.
date = "2013-01-17"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["**Ke Gu**", "Guangtao Zhai", "Xiaokang Yang", "Wenjun Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *APSIPA ASC*."
# publication_short = "In *APSIPA ASC*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "During the last two decades, image quality assessment has been a major research area, which considerably helps to promote the development of image processing. Following the tremendous success of Structural SIMilarity (SSIM) index in terms of the correlation between the quality predictions and the subjective scores, many improved algorithms have been further exploited, such as Multi-Scale SSIM (MS-SSIM) and Information content Weighted SSIM (IW-SSIM). However, a growing number of researchers have been devoted to the study of the effects of uneven responses to different image distortion categories on prediction accuracy of the quality metrics. Inspired by this, we propose an improved full-reference image quality assessment paradigm based on structure compensation. Experimental results on Laboratory for Image and Video Engineering (LIVE) database and Tampere Image Database 2008 (TID2008) are provided to confirm our introduced approach has superior prediction performance as compared to mainstream image quality metrics. Besides, it is worth emphasizing that our algorithm not introduces other operators but only applies the SSIM function to compensate itself, and furthermore, it also has an effective capability of image distortion classification."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/70.pdf"

url_code = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/CODE/70.rar"
url_dataset = "#"

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
