+++
title = "Nonlinear additive model based saliency map weighting strategy for image quality assessment"

# Date first published.
date = "2012-11-12"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["**Ke Gu**", "Guangtao Zhai", "Xiaokang Yang", "Wenjun Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Workshop on Multimedia Signal Processing(MMSP)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE Workshop on Multimedia Signal Processing(MMSP)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Most state-of-the-art image quality metrics are based on the two-step approach: local distortion/fidelity measurement and pooling. During the pooling stage, many weighting strategies have been proposed incorporating properties of the distortion itself, various masking effects and visual attention. Recently, researchers have devoted great enthusiasm and effort to the improvement of image quality assessment using visual saliency models. In this research, it is noticed that visual saliency features of both the original image and the distorted one have impacts on the process of image quality assessment. To reduce the overlapping effects, a nonlinear additive model is proposed to integrate saliency features from the original and distorted images towards improved error weighting results. Our extensive experimental studies on four publicly available image databases (LIVE, TID2008, CSIQ and A57) indicate that the proposed improved nonlinear additive model based saliency map weighting strategy constantly leads to higher prediction accuracy for image quality assessment than traditional methods."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/71.pdf"

url_code = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/CODE/(71)Nonlinear%20additive%20model%20based%20saliency%20map%20weighting%20strategy%20for%20image%20quality%20assessment.rar"
url_dataset = "#"

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
