+++
title = "Blind quality assessment of multiply-distorted images based on structural degradation"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-02-22"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Tao Dai", "**Ke Gu**", "Zhi-Ya Xu", "Qingtao Tang", "Haoyi Liang", "Yong-bing Zhang", "Shu-Tao Xia"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Image Processing*."
publication_short = "In *ICIP*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "It is known that images available usually undergo some stages of processing (e.g., acquisition, compression, transmission and display), and each stage may introduce certain type of distortion. Hence, images distorted by multiple types of distortions are common in real applications. Research in human visual perception has evidenced that the human visual system (HVS) is sensitive to image structural information. This fact inspires us to design a new blind/no-reference (NR) image quality assessment (IQA) method to evaluate the visual quality of multiply-distorted images based on structural degradation. Specifically, quality-aware features are extracted from both the first- and high-order image structures by local binary pattern (LBP) operators. Experimental results on two well-known multiply-distorted image databases demonstrate the outstanding performance of the proposed method."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8296265/"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
