+++
title = "Foveated nonlocal dual denoising"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-02-22"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Tao Dai", "**Ke Gu**", "Qingtao Tang", "Kwok-Wai Hung", "Yong-Bing Zhang", "Shu-Tao Xia"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Image Processing*."
publication_short = "In *ICIP*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Recently developed dual domain image denoising (DDID) algorithm and its variants, such as dual domain filter (DDF), achieve remarkable results by combining bilateral filter with frequency-based method. However, this kind of algorithms require large patches to guarantee the denoising performance and most of them produce ringing artifacts due to the Gibbs phenomenon induced by high-contrast details. To address these issues, we propose a Foveated Nonlocal Dual Denoising (FNDD) algorithm by unifying foveated nonlocal means and frequency-based methods. In this way, the ability to preserve the high-contrast details is noticeably improved by exploiting foveated self-similarity (patch similarity) instead of pixel similarity, thus leading to void of artifacts. Moreover, we propose an entropy-based back projection step for compensating the detail loss to further improve the performance. Experimental results validate that FNDD significantly outperforms DDID in terms of both quantitative metrics and subjective visual quality under much smaller patches, and even achieves comparable results against state-of-the-art competitors."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8296608/"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
