+++
title = "Reduced-reference quality metric of screen content image"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-02-22"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Zhaohui Che", "Guangtao Zhai", "**Ke Gu**", "Patrick Le Callet"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Image Processing(ICIP)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE International Conference on Image Processing(ICIP)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "With the prevalence of digital products like cellphone, tablet and personal computer, the screen content image (SCI) consisting of text, graphic, and natural scene picture becomes a significant media in various communication scenarios. Consequently, we proposed a reduced-reference quality metric dedicated for SCI. The main contribution includes 2 aspects: 1) we innovatively proposed a layer-based segmentation method to divide SCI into text layer and pictorial layer; 2) we designed respective quality metrics dedicated for text and pictorial layers with a novel pooling strategy considering human visual saliency for SCI. Furthermore, exhaustive experimental results indicate that the proposed metric is highly comparative compared with state-of-the-art full-reference quality metrics."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8296602/"

url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
