+++
title = "No-reference quality assessment for JPEG compressed images"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-07-03"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Yucheng Zhu", "Guangtao Zhai", "**Ke Gu**", "Wenhan Zhu"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Workshop on Quality of Multimedia Experience(QoMEX)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE Workshop on Quality of Multimedia Experience(QoMEX)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "JPEG is a most commonly used standard of compression for digital images. Quality factor (Qfactor) for JPEG compressed image is actually a suitable indicator to the perceptual quality. However, the information of the compressor might be unknown due to various reasons. To evaluate the Qfactor, we recompress the formerly compressed image and measure the consistency between them. Then we define the fixed points (the points on the Qfactor-axis where the content of recompressed images are almost the same with that of directly compressed images) by following the Qfactor based specifications and form the image set. The quality of JPEG compressed images are measured by combining the estimated Qfactor with the features extracted from the image set. The experimental results confirm that the proposed image quality assessment technique, which is no-reference, is able to faithfully predict the visual quality of JPEG compressed images."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/78.pdf"

url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
