+++
title = "Visual saliency detection via image complexity feature"

# Date first published.
date = "2016-12-08"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Min Liu", "**Ke Gu**", "Guangtao Zhai", "Patrick Le Callet"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Image Processing(ICIP)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE International Conference on Image Processing(ICIP)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper we propose a novel bottom-up visual saliency detection model by analysis of image complexity. Compared with existing works, we emphasize the important impact of image complexity on saliency detection. Inspired by the free energy theory, a hybrid parametric and non-parametric model is used to estimate the complexity of a visual signal. Taking the image complexity as a new feature, this paper constructs a heuristic framework to systematically combine two different types of saliency detection models, separately using local and global features, in order to predict human fixation points more accurately. In contrast to classical and modern models, our algorithm has achieved noticeably superior results. And furthermore, it is worthy to stress that the proposed saliency detection method can also help to facilitate the performance of image quality metrics on popular image databases."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/81.pdf"

url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
