+++
title = "Quality assessment of 3d synthesized images via disoccluded region discovery"

# Date first published.
date = "2016-12-08"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Yu Zhou", "Leida Li", "**Ke Gu**", "Yuming Fang", "Weisi Lin"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Image Processing(ICIP)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE International Conference on Image Processing(ICIP)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Depth-Image-Based-Rendering (DIBR) is fundamental in free-viewpoint 3D video, which has been widely used to generate synthesized views from multi-view images. The majority of DIBR algorithms cause disoccluded regions, which are the areas invisible in original views but emerge in synthesized views. The quality of synthesized images is mainly contaminated by distortions in these disoccluded regions. Unfortunately, traditional image quality metrics are not effective for these synthesized images because they are sensitive to geometric distortions. To solve the problem, this paper proposes an objective quality evaluation method for 3D Synthesized images via Disoccluded Region Discovery (SDRD). A self-adaptive scale transform model is first adopted to preprocess the images on account of the impacts of view distance. Then disoccluded regions are detected by comparing the absolute difference between the preprocessed synthesized image and the warped image of preprocessed reference image. Furthermore, the disoccluded regions are weighted by a weighting function proposed to account for the varying sensitivities of human eyes to the size of disoccluded regions. Experiments conducted on IRCCyN/IVC DIBR image database demonstrate that the proposed SDRD method remarkably outperforms traditional 2D and existing DIBR-related quality metrics."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/82.pdf"

url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
