+++
title = "No-reference image quality assessment for photographic images of consumer device"

# Date first published.
date = "2016-05-19"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Yucheng Zhu", "Guangtao Zhai", "**Ke Gu**", "Zhaohui Che"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing(ICASSP)*."
publication_short = "In *International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing(ICASSP)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper we study common, camera-specific kinds of distortions and propose a no-reference image quality assessment algorithm for photographic images produced by consumer devices. Those real consumer-type images, being different from simulated-distortion images, are with realistic artifacts and quality ranges. We find that the state-of-the-art no-reference image quality assessment approaches do not perform well on those photographic images, and propose an approach that achieves high prediction performance on a dataset of consumer-centric images. The proposed method, with no need for the original image, is able to reveal camera-specific problems and differentiate consumer cameras."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/84.pdf"

url_code = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/CODE/(84)No-reference%20image%20quality%20assessment%20for%20photographic%20images%20of%20consumer%20device.rar"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
