+++
title = "A reduced-reference quality assessment scheme for blurred images"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-01-05"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Zongxi Han", "Guangtao Zhai", "Yutao Liu", "**Ke Gu**", "Xinfeng Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Visual Communication and Image Processing*."
publication_short = "In *VCIP*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper, we propose a reduced-reference scheme for evaluating the quality of blurred images under the theory of free-energy principle. Specifically, the free-energy principle indicates that the brain tries to account for the input image with an internal generative model and the discrepancy between the image and its model-explained version, which can be measured by free energy, is related to the image's perceptual quality. Accordingly, we define a visual distance between the blurred image and its original image in free energy to evaluate the quality of the blurred image. Therefore, the proposed quality scheme belongs to reduced-reference methods, which needs some information from the original image for quality assessment. Experimental results on public databases, LIVE, TID2013 and C-SIQ, demonstrate the proposed method works in high consistency with subjective assessment results and outperforms representative image quality assessment approaches."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/87.pdf"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
