+++
title = "Quality assessment for dual-view display system"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-01-05"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Yuanchun Chen", "Ning Liu", "Guangtao Zhai", "**Ke Gu**", "Jia Wang", "Zhongpai Gao", "Yucheng Zhu"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Visual Communication and Image Processing(VCIP)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE International Conference on Visual Communication and Image Processing(VCIP)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Spatial psychovisual modulation (SPVM) is a new information display technology, which aims to generate multiple visual percepts for different viewers on a single display simultaneously. After the proposal of SPVM, lots of efforts have been made and several applications (i.e., dual-view display system) have been implemented based on this technology. The dual-view display (DVD) system is considered as an effective digital image hiding system based on SPVM theory, but little work has been dedicated to the perceptual quality assessment of DVD system. Up to now, there is no clear and standard method to evaluate the performance of the dual-view display system. It is important for the viewers to see a clear and non-aliasing image when they are front of the screen. Therefore, in this paper, we will build a DVD database and carry out a subjective experiment to evaluate the performance of the DVD system, and then we investigate and analyze the performance of prevailing no-reference (NR) image quality metrics on the particular DVD system. We have a sufficient belief that this paper can supply the guideline for the performance on the DVD system and serve as a good testing bed for future research of SPVM technology."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/88.pdf"

url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
