+++
title = "Transform-domain in-loop filter with block similarity for HEVC"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-01-05"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Xinfeng Zhang", "Weisi Lin", "**Ke Gu**", "Qiaohong Li", "Shanshe Wang", "Siwei Ma"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Visual Communication and Image Processing(VCIP)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE International Conference on Visual Communication and Image Processing(VCIP)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In-loop filtering is an important technique in modern video coding standards. In this paper, we propose a transform-domain in-loop filter to further improve the compression performance of high efficiency video coding (HEVC) standard. The proposed method estimates block transform coefficients by adaptively fusing two prediction sources according to their uncertainties respectively. The first prediction is the block transform coefficients of compressed video frames, the uncertainty of which is related to quantization parameters. The second prediction is the weighted average of transform blocks in a neighborhood, and the weights are designed according to block similarity. Its uncertainty is estimated based on the coefficient variance. To optimize the filtering performance, the parameters utilized in the proposed in-loop filter are learned from compressed videos for each quantization parameter offline, and frame level flags are utilized to switch the proposed in-loop filter according to rate-distortion cost. Extensive experimental results show that the proposed in-loop filter can further improves the compression efficiency of HEVC."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7805427/"

url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
