+++
title = "Blind quality assessment of tone-mapped images via analysis of information, naturalness and structure"

# Date first published.
date = "2016-03-18"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann","Jun Zhou","Guangtao Zhai","Alan Conrad Bovik","Leida Li","Hong Lu","Xiaokang Yang"]`.
authors = ["Ke Gu","Shiqi Wang","Guangtao Zhai","Siwei Ma","Xiaokang Yang","Wei Lin","Wenjun Zhang","Wen Gao"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Transactions on Multimedia*."
publication_short = "In *T-MM*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "High dynamic range (HDR) imaging techniques have been working constantly, actively, and validly in the fault detection and disease diagnosis in the astronomical and medical fields, and currently they have also gained much more attention from digital image processing and computer vision communities. While HDR imaging devices are starting to have friendly prices, HDR display devices are still out of reach of typical consumers. Due to the limited availability of HDR display devices, in most cases tone mapping operators (TMOs) are used to convert HDR images to standard low dynamic range (LDR) images for visualization. But existing TMOs cannot work effectively for all kinds of HDR images, with their performance largely depending on brightness, contrast, and structure properties of a scene. To accurately measure and compare the performance of distinct TMOs, in this paper develop an effective and efficient no-reference objective quality metric which can automatically assess LDR images created by different TMOs without access to the original HDR images. Our model is shown to be statistically superior to recent full- and no-reference quality measures on the existing tone-mapped image database and a new relevant database built in this work."
abstract_short = "Top 4 Cited Paper of T-MM in 2016"

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7384762"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
