+++
title = "Exploiting neural models for no-reference image quality assessment"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-01-05"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Cenhui Pan", "Yi Xu", "Yichao Yan", "**Ke Gu**", "Xiaokang Yang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Conference on Visual Communication and Image Processing*."
publication_short = "In *VCIP*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We propose an improved algorithm for no-reference image quality assessment (NR-IQA) using the convolutional neural network (CNN) and neural theory based saliency detection. Firstly, we extract non-overlapping patches from the input image. For each patch, we obtain the quality score by CNN network, which consists of seven layers and integrates feature learning and regression into image patch quality estimation. Considering that the patches attracting much attention take significant role in visual perception, an efficient technique based on free energy based neural model is used to detect the saliency map. This saliency map is then applied as a weighting mask to output the quality score of the whole image. Results of experiments show that our algorithm achieves state-of-the-art performance, as compared with the prevailing IQA methods."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = "Exploiting neural models for no-reference image quality assessment"

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7805524/"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
