+++
title = "No-reference quality assessment of camera-captured images"

# Date first published.
date = "2016-11-27"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Lijuan Tang", "Leida Li", "**Ke Gu**", "Jiansheng Qian", "Jianying Zhang"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Pacific-Rim Conference on Multimedia *."
publication_short = "In *PCM*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this paper we address the problem of quality assessment of camera images using three types of features. The first type of features measures the naturalness of an image, inspired by a recent finding that there exists high correlation between structural degradation and free energy entropy on natural scene images and this regulation will be gradually devastated as more distortions are introduced. The second type of features comes from an observation that a broad spectrum of statistics of distorted images can be caught by the generalized Gaussian distribution (GGD) according to natural scene statistics (NSS). These two groups of features are both based on NSS regulations, but they come from the considerations of local auto-regression and global histogram, respectively. The third type of features estimates the local sharpness by computing log-energies in the discrete wavelet transform domain. Finally our quality metric is achieved via an SVR-based machine learning tool and its performance is proved to be statistically better than state-of-the-art competitors on the CID2013 database, which is dedicated to the quality assessment of camera-captured images."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-48896-7_58"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
