+++
title = "Stereoscopic image quality assessment with the dual-weight model"

# Date first published.
date = "2016-07-28"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Yucheng Zhu", "Guangtao Zhai", "**Ke Gu**", "Zhaohui Che", "Duo Li"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Symposium on Broadband Multimedia Systems and Broadcasting*."
publication_short = "In *BMSB*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Three-dimensional (3D) imaging technology has been growingly prevalent in today's world. But objective quality assessment of 3D images is a challenging task. In this paper, we try to investigate and develop the 2D image quality metrics into stereoscopic image quality assessment using a dual-weight model within the concept of free energy principle and human visual system. On the basis of a psychological measure, the free energy is a principle telling where supervises more and attracts human attention. We believe that the “surprise” can account for the binocular rivalry and introduce the inter-weight. Also, the intra-weight is computed according to the physiology of human visual system. We first do the intra-weighted 2D image quality assessment. With inter-weights, we then calculate the combining score of stereopairs. Experiments are performed on the symmetric LIVE3D-I and asymmetric LIVE3D-II databases. Results confirm that the proposed 3D IQA technique, appropriately computing and combining the inter- and intra-weights, is able to faithfully predict the visual quality of stereopairs."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/92.pdf"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
