+++
title = "Closing the gap: Visual quality assessment considering viewing conditions"

# Date first published.
date = "2016-06-27"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Yucheng Zhu", "Guangtao Zhai", "**Ke Gu**", "Zhaohui Che"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Workshop on Quality of Multimedia Experience(QoMEX)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE Workshop on Quality of Multimedia Experience(QoMEX)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Most of existing visual quality assessment algorithms are tested on standard databases that are created in controlled viewing conditions (e.g. display device, viewing distance and lighting). This implies that all the recoded subjective scores are only valid for the specific settings used in the database. However, with the prevalence of mobile devices, the practical viewing environments can significantly vary from moment to moment. It is our daily experience that the same image can look drastically different on dissimilar devices under changed viewing distance and/or lighting conditions. In other words, a gap exists between the eyes and the visual contents behind the screen in current research of quality assessment. Therefore, in this work, we perform subjective quality evaluation with varied actual viewing conditions. To make the research reproducible, we build a prototype system to record what the eyes really see from the screen and construct the viewing environment-changed image database. The database will be made available to the public. Meanwhile we design a dedicated effective environment-assessing algorithm. We believe that this work will benefit the research of visual quality assessment towards more practical applications."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/94.pdf"

url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
