+++
title = "Camera image quality assessment without reference information"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-02-16"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Lijuan Tang", "Hong Lu", "**Ke Gu**"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Congress on Image and Signal Processing, BioMedical Engineering and Informatics(CISP-BMEI)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE International Congress on Image and Signal Processing, BioMedical Engineering and Informatics(CISP-BMEI)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Blur plays an key part in evaluating of camera image quality. It leads to decrease of high frequency information and accordingly changes the image energy. Recent researches in quaternion singular value decomposition show that the quaternion's singular values and associated vectors can capture the distortion of color images, and thus singular values can be utilized to assess the sharpness of camera image. Based on this, a novel blind quality assessment method considering the integral color information and singular values of the blurred camera image is proposed for evaluating the sharpness of camera image. Pure quaternion is utilized to represent pixels of the blurred camera image and the energy of every block are obtained. Results confirm the superiority of the proposed blind algorithm in assessing camera images."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7852793/"

url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
