+++
title = "Stable feature mining based object representation for tracking application"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-02-16"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Hong Lu", "**Ke Gu**"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Congress on Image and Signal Processing, BioMedical Engineering and Informatics(CISP-BMEI)*."
publication_short = "In *IEEE International Congress on Image and Signal Processing, BioMedical Engineering and Informatics(CISP-BMEI)*."

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Tracking the object with stable features is an important and challenging task in real scenes where the object appearance constantly changes or is disturbed by the background etc. In this paper, a novel frame work of object representation and tracking based on stable feature mining is presented. Firstly, the object region is adaptively detected and then the peak contour of V color component histogram in the object region is extracted to calculate candidate and region peaks which are used for acquiring the number of clusters and further classifying the object appearance. Secondly, the connection subregions belonging to every cluster are described with observation and increment models, and subregions association between the object template and the current observation is then utilized to mine stable subregion pairs and get feature change ratios. Finally, stable subregion displacements are weighted fused to locate the object in the current frame, and the object template is updated in terms of average increment variations. Experimental results show the excellent performance of the proposed algorithm in cluster number adaptivity, robustness in stable feature mining and accurateness in object tracking."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7852680/"

url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"


# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
