+++
title = "Information security display system on android device"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-02-09"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Xiongkuo Min", "Guanghui Yue","Daniel Thalmann"]`.
authors = ["Yuanchun Chen", "Liu Ning", "Guangtao Zhai", "Zhongpai Gao"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE International Technical Conference of IEEE Region 10*."
publication_short = "In *TENCON*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "With the development of the modern technology, there is increasing a lot of important secret information to be protected. In this paper, an information security display system based on spatial psychovisual modulation (SPVM) is introduced on the Android mobile platform. SPVM is a new way of information display technology which is conceived as an interplay of signal processing, optoeletronics and psychophysics. Nowadays modern displays support very high pixel density. Meanwhile the human visual system (HVS) cannot distinguish the image signals with spatial frequency more than a certain threshold. By this idea, we can design a new information security display system by utilizing the inconformity between HVS and the modern displays' resolutions. In this system, two types of viewers are defined, the first viewers wearing a pair of polarized glasses are authorized to see the secret information, however the second unauthorized naked-eye viewers without glasses can only see the disguise images. Thus, the different contents on the same display can be seen through different viewing devices. What is more, the increasing stereoscopic display technologies drive amounts of polarization based spatial multiplexing available. So we choose the polarization based stereoscopic screen as the display in this information security display system. The information security display system, as a guidance and concrete implementation of SPVM, attains remarkable performance in our experiments."
#abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://github.com/ClientGu/academic-kickstart/blob/master/material/PaperPDF/98.pdf"
url_preprint = "#"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"
url_poster = "#"
url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
